Proofreading (#17)
MrBenJ/modern-js-by-example: book/007-Modern-JS-Architecture.md

And so, `gulp` was created and also named after a bodily function.

> The customizations within `gulp` were far more modular and reusable; being much easier to test and use. The main difference was that `gulp`'s configuration allowed developers to write simple `function`s to do tasks, and not embed commands deeply inside one gigantic `gruntfile`.

Reviewer: 😮 Awesome! :tada:

For quick and easy setups with common components and pieces like `React` and `TypeScript`, I recommend using `Parcel`.

> To my knowledge, `Parcel` is a configuration-free build system and  `Webpack` is complicated and difficult to set up, especially for beginners. **Webpack can be intimidating and difficult for newcomers**.

Reviewer: Note to self... Don't say webpack is complicated and difficult to set up. There's got to be a better way to phrase this.
```suggestion
To my knowledge, `Parcel` is a configuration-free build system and  `Webpack` has a tendency to be significantly more complicated and difficult to set up. For those just learning JavaScript, and don't have as much hands-on experience, **Webpack can be intimidating and difficult**.
```
